Health4Life
Chiropractic
Services
Approach
Pricing
About
Reviews
FAQ
Book
Book Appointment

All complaints
Headache & Migraine
Everyone experiences them from time to time: headaches. There are many types of headaches, such as tension headaches, migraines, facial pain, and headaches caused by whiplash.

Migraines are a common type of headache and are often confused with other headaches. Migraines affect approximately 1 in 10 adults. An estimated 5% of children experience migraines before the age of 11. Migraines are caused by changes in the diameter of the blood vessels in the head, possibly influenced by the mobility of the cervical vertebrae and nerve stimulation. Therefore, chiropractic treatment can provide relief for certain types of migraine.

Symptoms
Migraines can occur as migraines with or without aura. Migraines without aura are the most common. A person with migraines with aura experiences neurological symptoms during the attack. This type of migraine begins with flickering and spots before the eyes. This progresses to a stabbing pain on one side of the head. Migraines without aura do not affect vision but usually cause a headache around one eye or on one side of the face.

Certain foods, medications, or alcohol can also trigger a migraine attack. Examples include wine, chocolate, or cheese. Migraines are also often associated with the menstrual cycle in women. Migraines are therefore up to three times more common in women, likely due to different hormone levels and their effect on blood vessels.

The chiropractor will examine whether there's a connection between your migraine and problems with your vertebrae, joints, or nerves. If this is the case, chiropractic treatment is beneficial.

Treatment
First, the chiropractor will ask you questions about your headaches and your overall health. The headaches may be related to other health conditions. A thorough physical examination will then follow. The chiropractor uses various medical methods to determine the source of the pain and the mobility of the joints that may be involved.

After the interview and examination, it may be concluded that your complaint cannot be treated by a chiropractor and requires further investigation. The chiropractor may recommend contacting your general practitioner for advice or further diagnostic testing.

Depending on your complaint, the chiropractor can begin treatment. By applying pressure to the vertebrae, muscles and nerves can regain their function. This pressure improves mobility, relaxes the muscles, and allows surrounding nerves to perform their functions. This can reduce or eliminate pain and other complaints. The results of the treatment depend on the severity of your complaint; your chiropractor will keep you updated on your progress. In addition to treatment, the chiropractor can advise you on good posture, ergonomics, sports, exercises, and nutrition.

Make an appointment
Please contact us for a no-obligation discussion about your complaints.

Make an appointment
020-673 1800
Opening hours
Mon – Fri: 10:00 – 17:00
Sat: 10:00 – 14:00
Sun: Closed
Maasstraat 103
1078 HH Amsterdam

Related complaints
Tension headache
Neck pain
Whiplash
Health4Life
Chiropractic
Chiropractic specialist in Amsterdam South. Maasstraat 103, 1078 HH Amsterdam.

Treatment
Complaints
Treatment
Techniques
Physio-Chiro Therapy
Rates & Reimbursements
Information
About Us
Meet Dr. Jahani
Testimonials
Videos
Opening hours
Vacancies
Contact
Maasstraat 103
1078 HH Amsterdam
020-673 1800
06-1882-0000 (WhatsApp)
Mon – Fri: 10:00 – 17:00
Sat: 10:00 – 14:00
© 2026 Health4Life Chiropractic Amsterdam. All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy · Terms of Service
