Health4Life
Chiropractic
Services
Approach
Pricing
About
Reviews
FAQ
Book
Book Appointment

All complaints
Chiropractic and Pregnancy
Chiropractic care can be a solution for pregnant women. Even with a large belly, treatment is possible, even up to and including the due date. Moreover, it's safe for the growing baby.

Lower back pain
It's not uncommon for pregnant women to experience lower back and pelvic pain during pregnancy. This is related to hormonal changes, increased body weight, and changes in posture. If the symptoms develop early in pregnancy or worsen, it may be due to a problem with the functioning of the pelvis or spine.

Lower back pain during pregnancy is often due to the changing position of the pelvis and lower back. As the baby grows larger and heavier, the downward pull on the front of the spine increases, causing the pelvis to tilt forward and the lower back to become somewhat hollow. This leads to irritation of the joints between the vertebrae and tension in certain muscle groups, resulting in pain.

Chiropractic care can improve the functioning of the lower back and pelvis, while also promoting maximum abdominal space. Furthermore, chiropractic care improves pelvic function, thus preparing for childbirth.

Pelvic instability
Pelvic instability often occurs during or after pregnancy. Pelvic instability causes pain around the pelvic joints and pubic bone, due to the production of a hormone that helps relax the ligaments in the body during the last trimester of pregnancy.

Women then experience pain around the tailbone, pubic bone or radiating pain to the legs when sitting, standing, walking and eventually also when lying down.

Chiropractic treatment for pelvic instability is not comparable to treatment for a blocked pelvis. With pelvic instability, the pelvis moves too much, and the goal is to stabilize it through corrections and exercises, and by optimizing the functioning of the nervous system and muscle control.

Because chiropractic has such an effect on the functioning of the nervous system, chiropractic can also provide relief in other areas, for example in cases of extreme nausea.

Make an appointment
Please contact us for a no-obligation discussion about your complaints.

Make an appointment
020-673 1800
Opening hours
Mon – Fri: 10:00 – 17:00
Sat: 10:00 – 14:00
Sun: Closed
Maasstraat 103
1078 HH Amsterdam

Related complaints
Low back pain
Babies
Children
Health4Life
Chiropractic
Chiropractic specialist in Amsterdam South. Maasstraat 103, 1078 HH Amsterdam.

Treatment
Complaints
Treatment
Techniques
Physio-Chiro Therapy
Rates & Reimbursements
Information
About Us
Meet Dr. Jahani
Testimonials
Videos
Opening hours
Vacancies
Contact
Maasstraat 103
1078 HH Amsterdam
020-673 1800
06-1882-0000 (WhatsApp)
Mon – Fri: 10:00 – 17:00
Sat: 10:00 – 14:00
© 2026 Health4Life Chiropractic Amsterdam. All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy · Terms of Service
